Various minor improvements (#45)
zkSNACKs/WabiSabi: main.tex

  A number of methods have been proposed to mitigate these issues. Among these, CoinJoin is an approach to structuring transactions which adds ambiguity and breaks common assumptions that underlie heuristics used for surveillance.
  Current implementations of CoinJoin transactions present a number of limitations which may partly explain their lack of widespread adoption.

>   This work introduces a new protocol for centrally coordinated CoinJoin implementations utilizing keyed verification anonymous credentials and homomorphic value commitments. This is an improvement on the currently approach which utilizes blind signatures in both privacy and flexibility, enabling additional use cases and reduced overheads.

Reviewer: typo, but also what was your issue with the previous phrase?

>   This work introduces a new protocol for centrally coordinated CoinJoin implementations utilizing keyed verification anonymous credentials and homomorphic value commitments. This is an improvement on the currently approach which utilizes blind signatures in both privacy and flexibility, enabling additional use cases and reduced overheads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This work introduces a new protocol for centrally coordinated CoinJoin implementations utilizing keyed verification anonymous credentials and homomorphic value commitments. This is an improvement on the current approach which utilizes blind signatures in both privacy and flexibility, enabling additional use cases and reduced overheads.
```

    \item During Signing Phase, inputs those do not sign are non-compliant inputs and they shall be issued a penalties.
\end{enumerate}

> The point of the cryptography in WabiSabi is to ensure that honest participants would always agree to sign the final CoinJoin transaction because their requested outputs were accepted by the coordinator. Anonymous credentials allow the coordinator to verify that amounts of each user's output registrations are funded by input registrations without learning specific relationships between inputs and outputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The point of the cryptography in WabiSabi is to ensure that honest participants would always agree to sign the final CoinJoin transaction because their requested outputs were accepted by the coordinator. Anonymous credentials allow the coordinator to verify that amounts of each user's output registrations are funded at input registrations without learning specific relationships between inputs and outputs.
```

> The point of the cryptography in WabiSabi is to ensure that honest participants would always agree to sign the final CoinJoin transaction because their requested outputs were accepted by the coordinator. Anonymous credentials allow the coordinator to verify that amounts of each user's output registrations are funded by input registrations without learning specific relationships between inputs and outputs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The cryptography in WabiSabi ensures honest participants always agree to sign the final CoinJoin transaction from the coordinator assuming it accepts the outputs they request. Anonymous credentials allow the coordinator to verify that amounts of each user's output registrations are funded by input registrations without learning specific relationships between inputs and outputs.
```
big fan of present tense in scientific writing assuming it's possible

\subsection{Registration}

> For intuition we first describe a pair of protocols where credentials are issued during input registration, and then presented at output registration. To improve privacy and efficiency these two cases are then generalized into a unified protocol used for both input and output registration, where every registration involves both presentation and issuance of credentials. This protocol is described in detail  in \S\ref{details}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For intuition we first describe a pair of protocols where credentials are issued during input registration, and then presented at output registration. To improve privacy and efficiency these two cases are then generalized into a unified protocol used for both input and output registration, where every registration involves both presentation and issuance of credentials. This protocol is described in detail in \S\ref{details}.
```

She submits these proofs, the randomized attributes, and the serial numbers. The coordinator verifies the proofs, and if it accepts the output will be included in the transaction.

\subsubsection{Unified Registration}\label{unified}

In order to increase flexibility in a dynamic setting, where a user may not yet know her desired output allocations during input registration, and to allow setting a small\footnote{Specifically, $2 \le k \le 10 \approx \log_2\left(\frac{\mathtt{MAX\_STANDARD\_TX\_WEIGHT} - 58}{274 + 124}\right)$ the maximum number of participants, because although $k=1$ suffices for flexibility it limits parallelism, leaking privacy by temporal fingerprinting. The limit on participant count is because 274 and 124 are the minimum weight units required for a participant with only a single input and output, and 58 is the shared per transaction overhead.} value of $k$ as a protocol level constant to reduce privacy leaks, we can generalize input and output registration into a single unified protocol, which also supports reissuance. 
For complete definitions see \S\ref{details}.

\begin{figure}[h!]
    \begin{mdframed}
    \begin{enumerate}

>         \item During input (output) registration phase, the user submits:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        \item During input and output registration phase, the user submits:
```

        \begin{itemize}
            \item $k$ credential requests with accompanying range and sum proofs to the coordinator:  $(M_{v_i},M_{s_i},\pi^{\textit{range}}_{i})^{k}_{i=1}$
            \item $k$ randomized commitments, a proof of a valid credential for the corresponding non-randomized commitments, the underlying serial numbers and a proof of the representation of their commitments: $(C_{v_i},C_{s_i},\pi_{i}^{\mathit{MAC}},s_i,\pi_i^{\textit{serial}})^{k}_{i=1}$
            \item A balance $\Delta_{v}$ and a proof of its correctness $\pi^{\textit{sum}}$

>             \item If $\Delta_{v} \ne 0$, an input (output) with value $|\Delta_{v}|$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            \item If $\Delta_{v} \ne 0$, an input or output with value $|\Delta_{v}|$.
```
